Database documentation (#320)
openml/server-api: docs/database/openml_expdb.md

|--------|------|----------|---------|------------|-------------|---------|
| id | int | No | auto_increment | | Primary key. | 1 |
| ttid | int | No | | [task_type.ttid](#task_type) | Task type this procedure applies to. | 1 |
| name | varchar(128) | No | | | Procedure name. | 10-fold cross validation |
| type | enum('crossvalidation','leaveoneout','holdout','holdout_ordered','bootstrapping','subsampling','testthentrain','holdoutunlabeled','customholdout','testontrainingdata') | No | | | Procedure type. | crossvalidation |
| repeats | int | Yes | NULL | | Number of repetitions. | 1 |
| folds | int | Yes | NULL | | Number of folds. | 10 |
| samples | enum('false','true') | No | 'false' | | Whether learning curve samples are used. | false |
| percentage | int | Yes | NULL | | Train/test split percentage. | NULL |
| stratified_sampling | enum('true','false') | Yes | NULL | | Whether stratified sampling is used. | true |
| custom_testset | enum('true','false') | No | 'false' | | Whether a custom test set is provided. | false |
| date | timestamp | No | CURRENT_TIMESTAMP | | When the procedure was created. | 2020-02-20 20:02:20 |

---

## Flows (Implementations)

> The database uses historical names 'implementation' for a flow and 'algorithm' for ??.

Author: ```suggestion
The database uses historical name 'implementation' for a flow.
```

| repeat | int | No | | | Repeat number. | 0 |
| fold | int | No | | | Fold number. | 0 |
| iteration | int | No | | | Iteration number in the optimization. | 0 |
| setup_string | text | No | | | Hyperparameter configuration tried. | '{"parameter_minNumObj":"1","parameter_confidenceFactor":"0.1"}' |
| evaluation | varchar(265) | No | | | Evaluation result for this iteration. | 94.12 |
| selected | enum('true','false') | No | | | Whether this was the selected configuration. | true |

---

## Studies

Studies have historically been in flux, but they are generally collections of objects (e.g., tasks).
One mayor change during OpenML's lifetime was in how those collections were defined, which happened around 2019.
Nowadays there are dedicated tables (e.g., study_task) to make the connection between a study and its task.
Historically, what is now referred to as a "legacy study", this association was achieved through tags.
E.g., all tasks with tag `study_14` would be considered part of `study_14`.
Some studies are still defined this way, and migration of these studies to new-style studies are planned.

> The Python-based REST API will not support legacy style studies (hence the data migration needs to occur to make the legacy studies usable with the new API).

Author: ```suggestion
The Python-based REST API will not support legacy-style studies (hence the data migration needs to occur to make the legacy studies usable with the new API).
```
